# Async Task Graph

Execution of Asynchronous Tasks may be required for executing SQL or any other data queries including HTTP queries to fetch external data. udho does not including a database library with itself.
However any asynchronous database library using boost asio may benifit from an async activity framework. `udho::activities` provides an way to describe a task graph that gather data into an heterogenous collector.
A task may be associated with its dependencies of other tasks and task related data. 

An `activity` is the definition of the job that has to be performed. A `subtask` is an instantiation of an `activity`. Definition of an activity consists of two types `SuccessDataT`, `FailureDataT` and a no argument function call operarator `operator()()` overload. A `subtask` on the other hand instantiates an `activity` by specifying its data and execution dependencies thus establishing an order of invocation. The philosophy is that the activity is reusable while the subtask reuses that to model different use cases. The activity is invoked through its `operator()()` overload after all its prior activities have completed (dependencies are specified by the subtask). The `operator()()` must call either `success()` or `failure()` methods either synchronously or asynchronously with `SuccessDataT` or `FailureDataT` in order to signal its completion. An activity `A` subclasses from `udho::activity<A, SuccessA, FailureA>` which defines the `success()` and `failure()` methods.
